My implementation of Makemore, following the Andrej Karpathy series "Zero to Hero" (https://karpathy.ai/zero-to-hero.html)

## Part 1
This part contains two models that learn from the same probability distribution; they learn to predict the next character given the current character (a *bigram* model).

For both models, a negative log likelihood function is used to calculate the data loss. This is used due to the classification nature of the models: we classify the next character by assigning a probability to a discrete number of characters to choose from. Critically, finding the likelihood allows us to assign a loss depending on how confident the model's probability was in the correct answer. The log, negative, and normalization portions are for making the data cleaner and easier to work with.

The first model is a simple statistical model that calculates the raw probability between every combination of letters. It does this by creating a matrix with every possible bigram (a single '.' to encode start/end and the 26 letters of the alphabet, so 27x27) and counts up every time they occur in the training dataset. Then, it normalizes the rows such that every letter can be mapped to a probability distribution of letters that may follow it. Finally, the next character to choose is sampled from this probability distribution.

The second model is a single layer of 27 neurons (one logit for each possible next character). The key difference between this model and the prior, is that the prior model is in a fixed state. We can calculate raw probabilities and find the subsequent NLL, but there are no parameters by which we can attempt to optimize (lower) that loss. In this scenario where we only have one layer, and given that since we trying to represent probabilities via passing logits through softmax, we end up at the same lower bound as the statistical model. Fundamentally this is because the neurons effectively end up with the same direct representation as the statistical model: A 1x27 tensor lookup table of probabilities.
- This model also includes the idea of renormalization loss. This acts as a parameter for model tuning by adding some avg. weights^2 term such that weights closer to zero incur less loss. This is favorable for ensuring that weights do not swing too far in the direction of a small data sample too quickly, and ensuring that model weights stay lower.
